[pull] primary from flybywiresim:primary (#321)
Valastiri/fbw-userguide: docs/fbw-a32nx/feature-guides/flyPad/throttle-calibration.md

    **Congratulations! You can use the keyboard for throttle control!**

??? tip "Keyboard Special Mapping"
    ### Keyboard Special Mapping

>     To make your live a bit easier using a keyboard for your throttles you
>     can follow the tip described here.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To make your life a bit easier using a keyboard for your throttles you
    can follow the tips described here.
```
